add sub-routes for slack/victorops notification (#7835)
kyma-project/kyma: docs/monitoring/05-01-alertmanager.md

| **global.alertTools.credentials.slack.apiurl** | Specifies the URL endpoint which sends alerts triggered by Prometheus rules.  | None |
| **global.alertTools.credentials.slack.channel** | Refers to the Slack channel which receives notifications on new alerts. | None |
| **global.alertTools.credentials.slack.matchExpression** | Notifications will be sent only for those alerts whose labels match the specified expression.  | "severity: critical" |
| **global.alertTools.credentials.slack.routes** | Refers to the Slack subroutes which receives notifications on new filtered alerts. | None |
| **global.alertTools.credentials.victorOps.routingkey** | Defines the team routing key in [VictorOps](https://help.victorops.com/). | None |
| **global.alertTools.credentials.victorOps.apikey** | Defines the team API key in VictorOps. | None |
| **global.alertTools.credentials.victorOps.matchExpression** | Notifications will be sent only for those alerts whose labels match the specified expression.  | "severity: critical" |

> | **global.alertTools.credentials.victorOps.routes** | Refers to the victorOps subroutes which receives notifications on new filtered alerts. | None |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **global.alertTools.credentials.victorOps.routes** | Defines the victorOps subroutes which receive notifications on new filtered alerts. | None |
```
